docs: #377 update mdbook metrics info (#1119)
mozilla/rust-code-analysis: rust-code-analysis-book/src/commands/metrics.md

# Metrics

> Metrics can be displayed or exported in various formats using the **rust-code-analysis-cli**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics can be displayed or exported in various formats using **rust-code-analysis-cli**.
```

## Display Metrics

To compute and display metrics for a given file or directory, run:

```bash
rust-code-analysis-cli -m -p /path/to/your/file/or/directory
```

> - `-p`: Path to the file or directory to analyze. If a directory is passed, metrics will be computed for all supported files within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-p`: Path to the file or directory to analyze. If a directory is provided, metrics will be computed for all supported files it contains.
```

## Exporting Metrics

> The **rust-code-analysis-cli** supports multiple output formats for exporting metrics, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**rust-code-analysis-cli** supports multiple output formats for exporting metrics, including:
```

- CBOR
- JSON
- TOML
- YAML

Both `Json` and `Toml` can be exported as pretty-printed.

### Export Command

To export metrics as a JSON file:

```bash
rust-code-analysis-cli -m -p /path/to/your/file/or/directory -O json -o /path/to/output/directory
```

- `-O`: Specifies the output format (e.g., json, toml, yaml, cbor).

> - `-o`: Path to save the output file. If not specified, the result will be printed in the shell.

Reviewer: Could you add back the info about the name of the output file?

> ## Pretty Print

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pretty Print
```
